{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12560\viewh12040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
END. Test\
\
Please read all steps of the test before you start. \
\
1. Set up a small react project.\
\
You can use a tool such as Create React App or Yeoman or, if you're feeling brave, you can attempt it from scratch. We suggest Create React App just for speed and ease.\
\
https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app\
http://yeoman.io/\
\
\
2. Create a navigation component.\
\
Once you have created your app, we'd like you to build a navigation component similar to the navigation on our site https://www.endclothing.com/gb/ using the data supplied (see attached (the file is a .txt file, you'll need to save this out as a javascript file)). You do not need to worry about routes or any extra Flux frameworks.\
\
The styling does not need to be exactly the same but we would like the same functionality with a hover and the data split into separate columns - don't worry too much about the column headers. To split the data into columns you will need to consider the include_in_menu attribute along with the include_in_menu_column2 or include_in_menu_column3 attribute. \
We're more interested in:\
the dropdowns functioning as they should (hidden, then revealed on hover)\
If you can manipulate data\
How you would layout the component\
\
Note: Please exclude the blog and launches dropdown. We have not supplied enough data to include these.\
\
\
3. Render navigation component from an express server\
\
We would like you to SSR your new navigation component from an express server, using the data the same way you would if it was an api request that had to be made on the server first.\
\
https://expressjs.com/\
\
\
Submitting your test\
\
Please submit your test as either a zip file or a GitHub repository. Please also submit the test in its entirety so we can see the tools you used.\
\
Note: You don't need to send us the node_modules folder, so if you submit as a git repo remember to gitignore the node_modules folder. If you're submitting via zip file simply omit the node_modules folder.\
\
I'd like to reiterate that you should only spend around 2 hours on this test, and if there's anything you feel is too complex, simply explain in English how you would approach the task. If you have questions regarding this test please don't hesitate to email.\
\
Good luck!}